Normalize install_path before creating dir (#593)
r-lib/covr: NEWS.md

* Added support for `klmr/box` modules. This works best with `file_coverage()`. (@radbasa, #491)

> * Normalize `install_path` path before creating directory to prevent
>   failures when during running covr in subprocess a path with Windows 
>   `\\` file path separator is provided. (@maksymiuks, #592)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Normalize `install_path` path before creating directory to prevent
  failures when running covr in a subprocess using a path with Windows 
  `\\` path separators. (@maksymiuks, #592)
```
